dishonest scales are an abomination to
dishonest scales are an abomination to the Lord but a just weight is his
the Lord but a just weight is his
the Lord but a just weight is his delight when pride comes then comes
delight when pride comes then comes
delight when pride comes then comes shame but with the humble is wisdom the
shame but with the humble is wisdom the
shame but with the humble is wisdom the integrity of the uprights will guide
integrity of the uprights will guide
integrity of the uprights will guide them but the perversity of the
them but the perversity of the
them but the perversity of the unfaithful will destroy them riches do
unfaithful will destroy them riches do
unfaithful will destroy them riches do not profit in the day of wrath but
not profit in the day of wrath but
not profit in the day of wrath but righteousness delivers from death the
righteousness delivers from death the
righteousness delivers from death the righteousness of the blameless will
righteousness of the blameless will
righteousness of the blameless will direct his way aright but the wicked
direct his way aright but the wicked
direct his way aright but the wicked will fall by his own wickedness the
will fall by his own wickedness the
will fall by his own wickedness the righteousness of the upright will
righteousness of the upright will
righteousness of the upright will deliver them but the unfaithful will be
deliver them but the unfaithful will be
deliver them but the unfaithful will be caught by their lust when a wicked man
caught by their lust when a wicked man
caught by their lust when a wicked man dies his expectation will perish and the
dies his expectation will perish and the
dies his expectation will perish and the hope of the unjust perishes the
hope of the unjust perishes the
hope of the unjust perishes the righteous is delivered from trouble and
righteous is delivered from trouble and
righteous is delivered from trouble and it comes to the wicked instead the
it comes to the wicked instead the
it comes to the wicked instead the hypocrite with his mouth destroys his
hypocrite with his mouth destroys his
hypocrite with his mouth destroys his neighbor but through knowledge the
neighbor but through knowledge the
neighbor but through knowledge the righteous will be delivered when it goes
righteous will be delivered when it goes
righteous will be delivered when it goes well with the righteous the city
well with the righteous the city
well with the righteous the city rejoices and when the wicked perish
rejoices and when the wicked perish
rejoices and when the wicked perish there is jubilation by the blessing of
there is jubilation by the blessing of
there is jubilation by the blessing of the upright the city is exalted but it
the upright the city is exalted but it
the upright the city is exalted but it is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked
is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked
is overthrown by the mouth of the wicked he who is devoid of wisdom despises his
he who is devoid of wisdom despises his
he who is devoid of wisdom despises his neighbor but a man of understanding
neighbor but a man of understanding
neighbor but a man of understanding holds his peace a tail Bearer reveals
holds his peace a tail Bearer reveals
holds his peace a tail Bearer reveals secrets but he who is of a faithful
secrets but he who is of a faithful
secrets but he who is of a faithful spirit conceals Aneta
spirit conceals Aneta
spirit conceals Aneta where there is no counsel the people
where there is no counsel the people
where there is no counsel the people fall but in the multitude of counselors
fall but in the multitude of counselors
fall but in the multitude of counselors there is safety he who is surety for a
there is safety he who is surety for a
there is safety he who is surety for a stranger will suffer but one who hates
stranger will suffer but one who hates
stranger will suffer but one who hates being surety is secure a gracious woman
being surety is secure a gracious woman
being surety is secure a gracious woman retains honor but ruthless men retain
retains honor but ruthless men retain
retains honor but ruthless men retain riches the merciful man does good for
riches the merciful man does good for
riches the merciful man does good for his own soul but he who is cruel
his own soul but he who is cruel
his own soul but he who is cruel troubles his own flesh the wicked man
troubles his own flesh the wicked man
troubles his own flesh the wicked man does deceptive work but he who sews
does deceptive work but he who sews
does deceptive work but he who sews righteousness will have a sure reward as
righteousness will have a sure reward as
righteousness will have a sure reward as righteousness leads to life so he who
righteousness leads to life so he who
righteousness leads to life so he who pursues evil pursues it to his own death
pursues evil pursues it to his own death
pursues evil pursues it to his own death those who are of a perverse heart are an
those who are of a perverse heart are an
those who are of a perverse heart are an abomination to the Lord but the
abomination to the Lord but the
abomination to the Lord but the blameless in their ways are his delight
blameless in their ways are his delight
blameless in their ways are his delight though they joined forces the wicked
though they joined forces the wicked
though they joined forces the wicked will not go unpunished but the posterity
will not go unpunished but the posterity
will not go unpunished but the posterity of the righteous will be delivered as a
of the righteous will be delivered as a
of the righteous will be delivered as a ring of gold in a swine's snout so is a
ring of gold in a swine's snout so is a
ring of gold in a swine's snout so is a lovely woman who lacks discretion the
lovely woman who lacks discretion the
lovely woman who lacks discretion the desire of the righteous is only good but
desire of the righteous is only good but
desire of the righteous is only good but the expectation of the wicked is wrath
the expectation of the wicked is wrath
the expectation of the wicked is wrath there is one who scatters yet increases
there is one who scatters yet increases
there is one who scatters yet increases more and there is one who withholds more
more and there is one who withholds more
more and there is one who withholds more than is right but it leads to poverty
than is right but it leads to poverty
than is right but it leads to poverty the generous soul will be made rich and
the generous soul will be made rich and
the generous soul will be made rich and he who waters will also be watered
he who waters will also be watered
he who waters will also be watered himself the people will curse him who
himself the people will curse him who
himself the people will curse him who withholds grain but blessing will be on
withholds grain but blessing will be on
withholds grain but blessing will be on the head of him who sells it
the head of him who sells it
the head of him who sells it he who earnestly seek stood finds favor
he who earnestly seek stood finds favor
he who earnestly seek stood finds favor but trouble will come to him who seeks
but trouble will come to him who seeks
but trouble will come to him who seeks evil he who trusts in his riches will
evil he who trusts in his riches will
evil he who trusts in his riches will fall that the righteous will flourish
fall that the righteous will flourish
fall that the righteous will flourish like foliage he who troubles his own
like foliage he who troubles his own
like foliage he who troubles his own house will inherit the wind and the fool
house will inherit the wind and the fool
house will inherit the wind and the fool will be servant to the wise of Hearts
will be servant to the wise of Hearts
will be servant to the wise of Hearts the fruit of the righteous is a tree of
the fruit of the righteous is a tree of
the fruit of the righteous is a tree of life and he who wins Souls is wise if
life and he who wins Souls is wise if
life and he who wins Souls is wise if the righteous will be recompense on the
the righteous will be recompense on the
the righteous will be recompense on the earth how much more the ungodly and the
earth how much more the ungodly and the
earth how much more the ungodly and the sinner